docs: Grammar overhaul (#20636)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/7.migration/6.pages-and-layouts.md

## Pages

Nuxt 3 ships with an optional `vue-router` integration triggered by a `pages/` directory in your source directory. If you only have a single page, you may consider moving it to `app.vue` for a lighter build.

### Dynamic Routes

The format for defining dynamic routes in Nuxt 3 is slightly different from Nuxt 2, so you may need to rename some of the files within `pages/`.

1. Where you previously used `_id` to define a dynamic route parameter, you now use `[id]`.
1. Where you previously used `_.vue` to define a catch-all route, you now use `[...slug].vue`.

### Nested Routes

> In Nuxt 2, you will have defined any nested routes (with parent and child components) using `<Nuxt>` and `<NuxtChild>`. In Nuxt 3, they were replaced with a single `<NuxtPage>` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Nuxt 2, you could define any nested routes (with parent and child components) using `<Nuxt>` and `<NuxtChild>`. In Nuxt 3, they are replaced with a single `<NuxtPage>` component.
```

<script setup>
// This compiler macro works in both <script> and <script setup>
definePageMeta({

>   //You can also pass a string or a computed property

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // You can also pass a string or a computed property
```

## `<NuxtLink>` Component

> The syntax and functionality are mostly the same for the global [NuxtLink](/docs/api/components/nuxt-link) component. If you have been using the shortcut `<NLink>` format, you should update this to use `<NuxtLink>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax and functionality are mostly the same for the global [`<NuxtLink>`](/docs/api/components/nuxt-link) component. If you have been using the shortcut `<NLink>` format, you should update this to use `<NuxtLink>`.
```
